hey guys and I hope guys I hope
everything is good with you guys so we
are here for another progress report
called and so I would like to ask you to
put your name on the attendees list if
you haven't done yet and I would also
like to ask for a volunteer to take
notes I think that Paulo marques already
volunteer for that so I will start with
a round of interest in the pipes so the
first on the attendees list is actually
myself so I will start let me just okay
yeah so what I've conclude is these two
weeks is I fixed fixed some bugs related
to create identity you have the the pr's
there if you want to check out I also
finished the edit profile with IBM all
that integration so both create identity
and edit profile are already integrated
with IBM wallet and Jill will demo it
later in progress I am currently doing
authentication screen it's it's kind of
block now because I'm doing also the
drop down component that will be used on
that on that screen and I stopped the
the authentication screen and to develop
the drop down component and this
component will also be used by I chill
on the profile page will have a split
button and that the the the right action
will be will will actually open the drop
down and what I'll be doing next is the
same screen the imported entity is
missing a minimum extreme or or step and
I will edit and also the Bank of
identity so this is the the my my
updates the do you guys have any
question for me
okay cool so the next on the list is
Jill very hi guys so keeping a chart
then fast prints I finished doing the
import identity flow integration with
some help from Umbra the PR has been
merged and you have the URL in the
notepad I also finished doing the
profile page also already integrated
specifically with the part of the
devices so that's working the the social
proofs and apps are in yet implemented
because in the backend it's not
implemented but the the remainder of the
the profile is done so and currently I'm
working on the implementation of error
pages like for page and 500 page so
that's what I'll be doing this print and
once I finish that task I'll be working
on the on using the split button the
drop down component that they were
mentioned to create the split button
that we'll use in the profile page to to
select the action we want to do with the
with an identity so that's it for me if
you have any questions no questions for
you okay so let's move on the next one
is follow hey guys
so during this print I conclude the
implementation of the applications scope
for anion identity I also finished the
implementation of the session scope but
in this case without signing that will
be that I will be doing that in the
future
currently I'm helping with the creation
of a shared drop down this is like we
don't tast but it's kind of tricky but
we are aiming to finish it as soon as
possible and during this sprint
I'll be doing the slides presentation
for the ipfs Kemp lecture so basically
we'll be talking about the centralized
identity approaches the IDS our
credentials the IPL etc will be we'll be
talking about the norm use project demo
and explaining why are we doing this why
is it different from other wallets stuff
like that and a brief introduction to
the workshop that we are going to be
doing also in the PFS camp and during
this time I'll provide help with any
other tasks that will be available since
I will be only available during off of
this print so if I finish the
presentation before hand I will help you
guys with any other tasks and I think
that's it any question for me no okay so
the next one is Saturday
right so my updates so I concluded the
integration of the of creation the
creation of identities within the idea
mode so now whenever the identity flow
the user finishes the identity flow
creation a real identity is created and
it appears in the sidebar so it's real
and entity not Samak one i've also
integrated or finalized the integration
of the imports of an identity so
whenever you create an identity you can
now import it in another devices such as
other browsers such as Firefox or
whatever that is now integrated and it's
working with a real identity and as I
said the the list of identities within
the sidebar is already integrated as
well and those are real identities as
well also I've implemented the wallets
bootstrap loader and never screams so
that you know because we need to
instantiate
ipfs and wait for it to be ready and
they take some amount of time such as
usually takes at like two
hands or three seconds the most or
worst-case scenarios so implemented a
beautiful loading screen that appears
when we are loading the wallets I've
implemented that and also implemented an
error screen if forever
for whatever reason it fails it shows
you a screen where you get feedback
about what actually happened there I
will actually provide a short demo about
this feature if I had the time I already
headed to the demos section more today
so I've obviously made a lot of public
West reviews forum from the team and
also I filled out line for the ipfs camp
lecture that was requested by Norway so
that we have a little summary of what
contents will be presented within the
within type FS camp lecture so right now
in terms of in progress I'm implementing
the IDM clients and by DM breach
specifically the post message one
so these bridge will be the one that
will be used in the first version of nam
use so that we can have a dot within the
browser communicate to to wallet also
within the same browser and it is thanks
to the IBM bridge post message one but
later one we will be implementing
another type of bridges that will allow
us to you know connect a dot and a
wallet that are not necessarily within
the same browser but they might have
even be in different devices but that
will be later on and down the road of
the projects I will be focusing on
implementing that they still very early
and I expect to have that ready by the
end of the Sprint at least our initial
implementation and also if I'm helping
Palo with the ipfs camp lecture slides I
will be working within you in the slides
that we'll be producing producting and
that's that's it in terms of the next
steps I will be working also in
something related to that
FS camp which is mini shots that
that will be used in in exercise that
will be do be doing in the lecture where
we take IDM and take it up and integrate
both authentication flows and and
signing flows within the diminishe shot
so that all of your messages within the
shots are have an author such as a name
and the photo and stuff like that and
also the messages are signed and and the
verification of sign matters is
happening under the hood and you get the
sense of the verification because we'll
have like a check mark after each
message showing that the sign answer is
correct or a cross mark saying that the
signature is invalid so I'll be working
on that with Jiwan Santosh in these news
weekend's and maybe we get something
mostly done by by the end of this winter
as well and that's money of this is
there any questions for me
no question school okay you know
questions for MJ the next one on the
attendees list is Jim Peck do you have
any a place for us Jim no I'm just
keeping tabs and watchin what you guys
did
okay okay the final results okay okay I
said we were missing yeah yeah I will
get the update and I was saying that
shows our design our designer is not in
the attendees list but he asked me to
give you the updates for him so I will
read it very quickly so he designed all
the sections for the landing page using
the final content and he did he
implemented all the breakpoints desktop
tablet mobile and as you we can see here
we have two different break points for
for her mobile he also predicted
overstates and feedback scenarios he did
the end of of Q&A with the dev team
about the denim use app he predicted it
predicted error States and 404 page
removed identity remove identity he did
the confirmation models also headed
sleep button to the style guide with it
states as I said that Jill will
implement he fixes the edit profile
because we we didn't have a date picker
to change the birth date and we have it
now and he also standardized
authentication and sign prompts and so
he will be on vacations so as you can
see here he will start at June 6th and
he will be implications for I don't know
how much how many days they will be
under get one week one week so cool and
I think everything is cool now
I think we can we can skip to the demos
part and so the first one is Jill are
you ready yeah okay so let me just share
this food I think we need to stop
sharing first all right share just the
best okay never mind is the first option
okay so I'll need you to bear in mind me
because this is a kind of convoluted
demo because that there is a lot of use
of phones that we'll be showing so we'll
start you have two browsers open we have
chrome over here which I'm setting up
the first set up set up of Locker we
have from cannery they don't share
information all the information that
will be shared is to the wallet no meals
lab so we'll start by creating a new
identity and we've seen this fall before
we'll go with my colleague pin and I
have a photo here so we already know
that this was was out this world and
since the since the backup flow is still
not implemented so as you can see that
they even tell them imported the backup
flow I still not been implemented so we
need to go through some tricky means to
get the mnemonic to import it from
another device so you can see here we
have the identity only one device but it
was laptop and we go now to the chrome
cannery we make the initial setup
okay so you haven't add a new identity
we import it you use the money free ad
here on this identity we pick we start
we wait for a little bit and if all goes
well we should get a check back there
because so we have the identity that we
just created in the other browser and we
now change the device just to have a
drift different device and now the I
think is being imported well well it
shouldn't be remember if it didn't break
okay let's let's let's try that hint try
reading like the desktop I think you
know which we have to fix the demo by
one shouldn't be attack them or if it
didn't break
so again the same Manik to restore the
identity it finds the identity we can
continue we pick rest up this time and
we continue now it should go over
without any issues okay
so we have a slight problem right now
with displaying information right away
so we refresh the application and when
we go to the identity with just imported
that is here as you can see I'm in the
cannery phone we can see that Pedro has
two devices the desktop which is the
current device we just imported now the
identity - and the laptop which is
another device this one so as you can
see the information has already updated
on this side we can come here and edit
the profile and say whether it's
Portuguese Portuguese male and we can
also show something that federal worked
on in the the edit profile so that is
the rotation it will it will no longer
ask because I already gave permission
before but it gets the location and we
can save the changes and you can see now
that the details show up here and on
Google Chrome cantering the information
as a plate as well so this is it
I think I'm not missing anything else we
need to fix because I think it's phone
instead of mobile the immigration it's
it's possible it's something like that
so that's going on the list of things to
fix so that's pretty much it
I think I can stop chinois it was
awesome
besides that they were of the phone so I
don't know if or the questions
after the removal if anyone has any
questions hey Jim do you have any
question no just to impress how good it
started looking with all the bits coming
together yes sir cool cool cool so the
next demo is end read right yeah you
yeah it's just a little bit without
little bit more small one so I need you
to stop sharing it so this is very small
demo by the way and I need to open I'm
sorry because I stopped the server and
it started so what I will demo is
basically that the loading screen of
tsunamis and also the eight-hour screen
whenever something bad happens so first
off let's let's open here the the up in
the boot component which is the one
responsible to booting the the wallet
let me take this off my screen so right
now everything is she'll be should be
working in terms of of the the boot
strap so what we'll see next is a
loading screen and actually I'm gonna
simulate a slower loading so let me go
into here and let something like a delay
like saying five seconds and then we
create the wallet so that we can see the
loading animation she takes some time so
this is the loading animation of
mommies' while it while it's loading
it's like the logo fading away and
building and stuff of that and also i
will do the other screen so let's
simulate the neighbor so in this case i
will just make something crash
I'll put them over here let's say true
that should work out I think I still the
offense so what we see here is
the alert screen off of Romeo's where
you can can have the can click on the
show details and it will show you the
actual error in the in her stack so that
you can easily report any her for house
at the moment the at report easier
button or anchor we simply a link to our
github repo where you can copy the error
and give some context but of course
later on we want to automate this
somehow but for now I think is
sufficient and of course you you have a
try again button that will try loading
the wallet again and because but because
I have the article ever it fails every
time so that's it for my quick demo and
that's it I will stop sharing ok I will
start sharing again yeah
so Jim do you have any any comments on
this undo them I liked it ok ok cool
so and questions does anyone have any
question regarding this these updates oh
ok ok so I think we can we can conclude
our protocol here and thank you Jim for
stopping by as usual so I think I see
you in the next note not plus next week
so the other two weeks so see you in two
weeks and that's it thank you thank you
guys bye bye bye bye bye the run